Add minSizeForControls to euiDataGrid (#3527)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`master`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/master)

> - Added `minSizeForControls` to `euiDataGrid` as prop to control the min size for grid controls ([#3527](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3527))

Reviewer: Small rephrasing to better fit the changelog voice

```suggestion
- Added `minSizeForControls` prop to `EuiDataGrid` to control the minimum width for showing grid controls ([#3527](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3527))
```
